---
layout: single
title: awscli
---

## HOLY FORKING SHIRTBALLS

I did everything wrong and everything was messed up and finally I:
1. Made sure I deleted everything stupid that I added in my `.bash_profile`
2. Watched [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS8qXzm3hM8) praise be
3. All is ok now. 2.5 hours later. 


## HERE IS WHAT HAPPENED:
1. FINALLY got my server working, then went to push my react app the way I always do and

```console
-bash aws command not found
```
!?

2. So I followed the aws instructions [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/install-macos.html) and added stuff to my `.bash_profile` like it says (RIGHT?!)

That took me forever to do because I had no idea where anything was installed and pretty sure I didn't really know what a PATH was? Or the bins? 

So I FINALLY got `aws --version` working.

But then `ls` stopped working.

What.

`ls` is never supposed to stop working

So I googled and added more things to my path (!??) 

And then finally got `ls` working again. 

But of course `aws` wasn't working

then both of those were working but `npm` wasn't working

Clearly, I had broken all the links and needed to start over.

So I gave myself 2x25 min blocks to try to figure it out myself and if nothing, then anaconda.

Nothing. 

So I anacondaed. 

EXCEPT ANACONDA DOESN'T HAVE awscli

And to install it

I needed to add `conda` to... MY PATH!?! BROKE MORE THINGS!! NO HELP HERE. EJECT. 

Then I found [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tS8qXzm3hM8) and did what it said.

YAY `aws` working!!!

Oh no `ls` not working.

O
M
G

WHAT IS WRONG WITH EVERYTHING WHY DO THE ALIENS THAT LIVE INSIDE MY COMPUTER HATE ME SO MUCH

Googled around for a bit more 

Suggestion -- switch the /Users/myusername/Library/Python etc to the top of the /etc/paths file

Tried that!

Nope.

Finally realized maybe something I did at the very beginning was thwarting my current efforts.

Went and undid everything the original AWS documentation told me to do (ahem, that I likely misunderstood how to do?)

And then finally

All working.

O
M
G
