---
layout: single
title: "daily log 01.22.21"
tags: dailylog EHD
--- 

OK so here we are and what are we NOT GOING TO DO!?

PANIC. WE ARE GOING TO DECLARE OUT GOALS OUTRIGHT.

IMPETUS: I want a portfolio of projects that I can show to people who might be interested in hiring me

PROBLEM: I have no projects

SOLUTION: Um... what a load of BS. Yes you have a TON of projects. A TON. Of projects. You have literally 9 hard drives full of projects

PROBLEM: Um... all 9 aren't projects I want to put into my PROFESSIONAL PORTFOLIO

SOLUTION: Um... why not?

PROBLEM: Um... because I don't think professional people are going to want to see the cat pattern I designed for a shirt I made my husband...

SOLUTION: Um... why not?

PROBLEM: Because that would clutter the space. Aren't we getting off track here?! I want to showcase my CODING AND DATA SCIENCE WORK.

SOLUTION: Why don't you go through your old external hard drives and hopefully find some projects you're proud of?

PROBLEM: Well, if Past Me was more organized, this would be a joy. Unfortunately, she was not so everything is everywhere.

SOLUTION: OK -- let's approach this like a data scientist. The easiest thing -- the Brute Force solution, if you will -- would be to buy TWO 20 TB external HDs and load ALL MY FILES onto both. One would be a "backup" and the second would be our working hard drive

PROBLEM: OK, I think I'm following.

SOLUTION: Good! See? Aren't we feeling better already??

PROBLEM: Honestly, no I'm still pretty panicky.

SOLUTION: Do not go to the video games.

PROBLEM: Stop reading my mind.

SOLUTION: So, our "working" external hard drive, yes. We'd totally forget about our "backup" as we'd set that aside somewhere, safe just in case. So, what do you think we are going to do with the "working" external hard drive?

PROBLEM: I don't know, I'm still thinking about video games

SOLUTION: We are going to 1. Flatten everything

PROBLEM: EVEN THE NODE MODULES FOLDERS?!?

SOLUTION: Excellent question. For now, let's just say yes. We could remove those folders but that opens up a can of worms.

PROBLEM: What if something is part of a project?? Like "index.html"?? Won't I want to know what parent folder it was in?

SOLUTION: Yes! This is a very good point. We will be renaming the files to include their parent folder paths. So it would look something like projects_moviefaceoff_index.html -- how does that sound?

PROBLEM: That still sounds like it might be confusing...

SOLUTION: What if they were ordered by date? So, you could quickly and easily find your files from your Finance class because you know you took Finance in a specific quarter in your time at Syracuse!

PROBLEM: I like the way this is sounding...

SOLUTION: OK so back to the execution. We'd (1) Flatten AND rename (2) group by file type -- images, etc...

PROBLEM: Wait, do we even have to actually do the file moving? Or could we kind of replicate that thing you did by exporting all the file names into txt documents so you can loop through them to find what you need?

SOLUTION: You know what? This might be a good idea... I wonder if we can find that script